don't save num_thread as possible (#2839)
microsoft/LightGBM: docs/Parameters.rst

   -  for parallel learning, do not use all CPU cores because this will cause poor performance for the network communication

>    -  **Note**: Please **don't** change this during training, especifically when running multiple jobs simultaneously by external packages, otherwise may cause undesible errors.

Author: ```suggestion
   -  **Note**: Please **don't** change this during training, especially when running multiple jobs simultaneously by external packages, otherwise it may cause undesirable errors.
```

>    -  **Note**: Please **don't** change this during training, especially when running multiple jobs simultaneously by external packages, otherwise it may cause undesirable errors.

Author: ```suggestion
   -  **Note**: please **don't** change this during training, especially when running multiple jobs simultaneously by external packages, otherwise it may cause undesirable errors
```
